Incoming livestream: A little bit about ourselves. I'm Chandrani. I work at Adobe as a security engineer. I'm in this space for about 10 years now.
Incoming livestream: Hi everyone, I'm Shruti Data Gupta. I'm a product security engineer at Adobe, been in this space for over 5 years.
Incoming livestream: So, let's talk a little bit about, why we did this project, right? What… what is the gap that we felt, and that drove us to the project?
Incoming livestream: Now we know, like, for… scalability has always been an issue when it comes to providing guidance to developers, right? Like, because, for most of the organizations, the security to developer ratio, it's really low, so when it comes to, like, you know, giving one-on-one guidance or whatever, they're looking for exact information, so it's…
Incoming livestream: It really becomes a challenge, it really becomes a bandwidth issue.
Incoming livestream: And then, like, for most of the companies, there are, various security processes, right? If it's, like, an established, security program that you have.
Incoming livestream: We have, like, design reviews, we have threat modeling, like, in the beginning, then we have multiple scanners running, you know, code scanners and things like that. And then on the right, you have the vulnerability scanning and everything, so…
Incoming livestream: You are the security researcher or partners, they are basically giving similar information, but on various different platforms, right?
Incoming livestream: And then, finally, fragmented documentation. So this is…
Incoming livestream: like security champions or SMEs, they create all these, you know, security docs and whatnot. What are the policy that, so-and-so needs to follow? What's the secret storage that we need to follow? But then, is it reaching the right person at the right time, right? Otherwise, the information becomes stale.
Incoming livestream: So, now AI, with the evolution of AI, it's like a game changer, right? We all are, like, on a rocket space, rocket space, and… so basically, it understands the natural language, we don't have to write complex SQL queries and all that to make it understand, okay, this is what I want.
Incoming livestream: And, but then, when we ask something to AI, like, if I can ask very generic questions, right? What are the authentication that I need to follow, right? So, it would, basically, it would give you a very generic answer that, a generic problem, solution to the problem it would give you, right? It will not give, like, what are your…
Incoming livestream: platform standards, what are the things that, you know, functions or methods that your company is following? And then finally…
Incoming livestream: sorry, there is always a risk of, you know, hallucinated guidance, right? Like, when there is a lot of information given to AI, there is always a risk of, you know, hallucinated guidance.
Incoming livestream: So… sorry. What we built here is…
Incoming livestream: security bot, or you can call it, like, a security, you know, service. So basically, the idea is it will be platform agnostic. So, be it over, you know, Slack channel, or be it in Jira tickets, or automated threat modeling guidance, it will give seemingly same guidance across all platforms with various different types of, you know, whatever the inputs it's
Incoming livestream: coming. And, all these guidances should come from a common store, right? It should, everything should come from a central guidance store, and those should have vetted information. So this was basically the, the mission that, that we started this project with.
Incoming livestream: So, let's talk about the journey that,
Incoming livestream: We started this project, this entire pipeline, or the security guidance as a service that we are going… that we are talking about, about one and a half years before, right? And it did not really start, like, how it exists today. So obviously, we needed, you know, the org… org-specific information, bringing it to the people at the right time, so we started with a RAG solution.
Incoming livestream: Right? We took, very curated docs.
Incoming livestream: And, we put it in the vector store, so that is giving us a very, organization-specific guidance. And initially, it was, integrated into the Jira ticket flow, because that was, like, the, you know, for Adobe, we have all the vulnerabilities, then, so those have SLAs and everything we have to meet, so the first place that we integrated was the Jira.
Incoming livestream: And almost at the same time, it was also integrated in the Slack workflow as well.
Incoming livestream: Because we felt like, okay, people are also coming and asking in, you know, whatever the same information, maybe they will not have access to the Jira ticket, so they should have, there should be somewhere else, also, they need to have the same information.
Incoming livestream: And then, we soon realized, like, like I was saying, there are multiple processes for security, right? There is threat modeling, there, there are, IDE guidance around coming up, so the same information would basically be needed for multiple different systems.
Incoming livestream: So, should we build separate rags? Obviously not, right? So, we need to build, basically, a common vector store that would provide information to all these systems, and it should be, like, platform agnostic.
Incoming livestream: And then, we realized, like, initially when we started, with the docs for, you know, the vulnerability guidance, the number of docs were really less. So, even though we had, you know, the automation for creating embeddings, putting it in the vector store, for those, we had automation.
Incoming livestream: But then they were, you know, one-off scripts. And even before that, we had to take the PDF content, right? Like, whatever would go behind the vector store, even whatever is in just Word, we had to take that piece and make it ready. So there was a little bit of manual, work, we would say, that was involved, even
Incoming livestream: at this stage. So we realized that we need something, that is called automated document ingestion Pipeline, right? So what it would do is, if I have an URL, it will automatically take the content and put it in the vector store. If there has been a change in the URL, that also it would, you know, scan through, like, time to time.
Incoming livestream: For the content updates, and it will put it in the vector store.
Incoming livestream: And then, obviously, like, whatever the common vector store endpoints that we built, that is, you know, serviced in multiple, security processes. Like, we have an automated, threat modeling guidance, threat modeling, platform at Adobe, so there also it's being serviced.
Incoming livestream: There is… currently, we have developed, inID security guidance through an MCP server, so there also it is providing the same solution.
Incoming livestream: We'd like to talk about the document curation workflow, how we built it.
Incoming livestream: So, the initial thing is, first, we started with the security champions, or, you know, SMEs, whoever is creating the doc.
Incoming livestream: And, we imagined that all this, whatever doc is going in the backend, that should exist as a metadata file in a Git repo, right? So the Git repo will be the source of truth.
Incoming livestream: So, once, basically someone gives that metadata file, it would… these are some small information that we are taking about that, you know, the URL that we are going to process. Once that is done, we quickly validate the metadata and do a PR march.
Incoming livestream: Once that is done, it goes to an upstream service, which is a downloader service. It's basically a PubSub model, so it listens to the Git divs, so whenever it sees, like, okay, this particular metadata has a difference, so I need to take this particular URL and take the content.
Incoming livestream: There is also a cron job involved here, because whatever other URLs that we are saying, that has already been ingested, we are also, you know, time to time checking, like, has there been any update in that content? And then it goes to a…
Incoming livestream: The upstream service, which is the ingestor, this basically, takes it and puts it into the, into the vector store, like, generates embeddings and puts it into the vector store.
Incoming livestream: So, once this is done, we, put the message in a Slack channel saying that this document has been ingested, and after this, we, initiate, we trigger an eval workflow.
Incoming livestream: So, this eval workflow is basically when we collect the metadata, we ask for
Incoming livestream: reference data set, right? Like, for the document that you are giving, what is a, say, 3-4 question and answers that you, you can say we can refer to as, you know, reference or an ideal data set answers, and once these are ingested, we would test it against, like, how much correctness, what's the relevancy of the, you know, answers, and things like that.
Incoming livestream: So, this is on one side, like, the document ingestion pipeline. Now the core architecture for the security guidance, service. So, as I was talking about, it is servicing multiple different platforms.
Incoming livestream: So, the input can come from maybe a Jira ticket, so what's the guidance for a vulnerability? Maybe it can come from maybe a threat modeling platform, like, what would be my… like, these are the threats that have been identified, what would be the recommendation? It can come just from a chatbot, a very simple security questions, right? So everything goes to an AI orchestrator.
Incoming livestream: And then finally, on the right-hand side, we are initially, connecting to the vector store, getting the data. Actually, even before that.
Incoming livestream: based on the type of input, we are tweaking the system prompt a bit, right, for each case. And then, we are also, after getting the response from the, vector store, we are, passing it to the LLM for a curated, JSON format, like, however we, for each type, it has been.
Incoming livestream: configured. And then, we are logging everything in Landsmith. So, basically, whatever the things are coming for, for traceability, right? And then for some of these workflows, we have online evals also integrated, that Shruti can talk a little bit more, yeah.
Incoming livestream: Awesome.
Incoming livestream: So, demo time. We've looked into what all of this looks like in architecture, let's see what this looks like in practice.
Incoming livestream: So this is the first use case of a security support chatbot. So this basically
Incoming livestream: One, if you have any questions that, need to be answered as per the company's policy and standard guidelines, like, how do I do X at Adobe? How do I reach out to the security champion of product Y? So for those kinds of questions, we have the chatbot.
Incoming livestream: Again, in the back end, this is all the same vector store, which is pulling out the information and providing it to you.
Incoming livestream: Next, we have the threat remediation guidance on the shift left side of the SDLC. Like Chandrani mentioned, we have an automated AI threat modeling engine, so once it identifies the threats, it then makes a call to our service.
Incoming livestream: and gets the Adobe-specific recommendations or security guidance to mitigate those threats.
Incoming livestream: Then, on the shift right side, when we have vulnerabilities, how do we fix them? We want to provide consistent guidance across
Incoming livestream: all stages of SDLC. So here, the vulnerability ticketing and triaging workflow, when they get a finding, they then, again, make a call to our service, they provide us with all of the vulnerability and exploit details. We take that, we provide the fixes, and also we provide what is the Adobe-specific recommendation. So how would you go about, how do we recommend
Incoming livestream: You go about fixing this vulnerability.
Incoming livestream: One important thing to note here is that we not only provide the short-term fix, but we also provide long-term fixes. So, what if you're seeing not just one… not just a one-off vulnerability, but multiple vulnerabilities that, belong to the same class? So for that, we provide long-term fixes as well that can guide the engineering teams on more secure-by-default, changes as needed.
Incoming livestream: And then, of course, since the last year, everybody's been,
Incoming livestream: VIP coding and using a lot of AI assistance to code. So that led us to think, this is even further left than threat modeling, right? So how do we provide the same guidance again to developers as they're in their flow writing the code? So that's where we build the MCP server.
Incoming livestream: And let me actually jump to the demo.
Incoming livestream: I don't…
Incoming livestream: Okay, I'm sorry this is really small, glitches, but… yeah, so this is a demo wherein, I'm in cursor, and…
Incoming livestream: Here we have the MCP server, which is called Adobe Security Guidance. I apologize, this is all really small. But we have this…
Incoming livestream: MCP server, and then it has a tool called Adobe Security Guidance, which then makes a call, so…
Incoming livestream: Since we are running into demo issues, I'll just walk you through what this looks like. So, as you're writing code, you can then say, okay, how do I fix SQL injection? Put that in your chat.
Incoming livestream: And then the cursor… this is cursor, so cursor agent, but this can work with any coding agent. The coding agent is connected to our MCP server, it recognizes that it is connected to an Adobe security guidance tool. So it then makes a call to the tool, pulls the relevant security guidance.
Incoming livestream: And then that guidance is, then formatted, pretty printed, and then it comes out, in the chat itself in an in-ID experience. I really apologize, I don't know what's going on with the demo, but…
Incoming livestream: I think it's a network issue.
Incoming livestream: Oops.
Incoming livestream: Okay…
Incoming livestream: Okay, I really apologize about this, but we also wanted to show a similar Slack workflow, wherein we had the same query, and basically the same query, whether you're asking from the IDE
Incoming livestream: or from the, from Slack, or wherever, you're providing the same guidance, so irrespective of where you are in the…
Incoming livestream: Where you are in the SDLC process, where the developer is, what time, what information they need, we are providing it to them, as and when they need it.
Incoming livestream: Okay, so I will wrap up over here. Some of the challenges and lessons learned. So, Chandrani talked a little bit about evals. One of the most important things about building AI systems that you can have in production is evals.
Incoming livestream: It is time-consuming, it is manual, but it is what enables you to have things in production and ensure high-quality responses.
Incoming livestream: For us as well, it was, again, time-consuming, a very laborious task to have all of the evals, golden data set in place, but again, that is one of the most enabling factors about how we've built this and how we've scaled this.
Incoming livestream: Second is doc freshness. Making sure that we have the most up-to-date docs is a challenge. Right now, we have a shared responsibility model, wherein if we find out through our workflows, through our eval's workflows, that a doc needs to be updated, we reach out to the document owners.
Incoming livestream: The other aspect is if document owners have an update, they come and reach out to us, so that we have the most updated docs in our vector store.
Incoming livestream: The PR review aspect in the doc ingestion workflow is also… it can be a bottleneck when we want to quickly and efficiently ingest docs at scale, but at the same time, this is a trade-off because this aspect allows us to maintain the high quality of documents that we are ingesting.
Incoming livestream: And finally, this entire field is evolving at a breakneck speed, so keeping up with the emerging tech has been important as well. When we built the V1 version of the vector store, the RAG, we did all of the processing by ourselves, like document chunking, vectorization, everything. At that time, LLMs couldn't even take multimodal input.
Incoming livestream: From that, now, we have multiple vector store vendors that you just upload files and they take care of everything for you. So just evolving and keeping up to date with what's happening
Incoming livestream: In what's evolving in the tech, so that you are able to use the latest, greatest, state-of-the-art as you build these systems.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so key takeaways from our session, AI is useful, AI boosts productivity, but context is king, so the more organization-specific context you're able to provide to these models, the more useful you can make these systems.
Incoming livestream: We were able to build this centralized guidance that has enabled us to provide consistent and consistent security, we've been able… security guidance, and we've been able to democratize this. So, as a developer, whenever, wherever you need it, you're able to get the same consistent, vetted guidance.
Incoming livestream: And finally, evals. Evals is what will turn your AI experiments into production systems.
Incoming livestream: With that, I want to make a quick shout-out to the team. This was certainly not a two-person project, we have an entire team building all of this, plus
Incoming livestream: lots more. So I want to make a quick shout-out to the entire team, and with that, oops, we are at time, and thank you for joining us for our talk.
Incoming livestream: And, yeah, we'll open up for questions.
Incoming livestream: Alright, audience questions?
Incoming livestream: I'll start with one from Slack. You talked a little bit about, developing, sort of, threat models for your team, various threat models and products, like.
Incoming livestream: Tell me a little bit about the threat models that you built, sort of, and distributed through this tool.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, so for the automated threat modeling, there is basically a separate team.
Incoming livestream: who has developed that, like, the wiki page needs to be in a specific format. It parses that particular page and gives out the thread. So where we come in is when the thread has been generated, it, gives out the Adobe-specific recommendations as well. So there, it integrates our platform, and we are able to provide that guidance, yeah. Cool.
Incoming livestream: Thank you.
Incoming livestream: One over here.
Incoming livestream: Thank you so much for your presentation. So, with a lot of these tools that we've seen emerge and develop that are shifting left into the IDE, how do you guys… how have you figured out a way to enforce the use of those tools? So, like, even your MCP server that's providing recommendations around architecture.
Incoming livestream: How do you ensure there's consistent configuration across all your developers that they're actually consuming that MCP? Yeah.
Incoming livestream: So, there is actually another big project going on within our team.
Incoming livestream: Wherein we have developed an extension. Currently, cursor is used, the most, but then other IDs are also coming in.
Incoming livestream: So, the extension is for cursor, so once you develop that extension, all these MCP configs, cursor rules comes by default once you sign in. So, that's how… yeah. To add to that.
Incoming livestream: We have done a lot of roadshows about building these capabilities and sharing that with developers, and what we've found is that when you make security zero-calorie and seamless for developers, they will get on board and they will want to do the right thing. We have had engineering teams come to us and say, hey, we love this, we want to use this.
Incoming livestream: So I think there's the human aspect over there as well.
Incoming livestream: Alright, we've got one over here, and I think that'll…
Incoming livestream: So yeah, following up on that question, have you tried also injecting these as, like, agent roles.md files, or treating these as skills, and if so, how did that actually go?
Incoming livestream: Yo.
Incoming livestream: So yes, we have added these as rules, MD files. We have been playing around with skills as well. Again, the extension is what we've been using to roll these out to everybody, so that once you install the extension, you just have it in your IDE.
Incoming livestream: We did some preliminary testing of these security rules and skills, and in our testing, we found that they were helpful in reducing vulnerabilities in code by a good 70% or so. Like, even foundational rules did really well.